+
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ?
Ray ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ:  getray.app
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
rodney_mckay
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
The Thunder
!Extreme ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
:๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
W w W. ExtremeSubs .Org
# ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ #
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 2
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 54
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 12 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
."๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
."๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ... ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ -
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
."๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
."๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
rodney_mckay
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
The Thunder
!Extreme ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
:๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
W w W. ExtremeSubs .Org
# #
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm